  Christopher Gowen - COMPLAINT : BML
    -Fraud
    -Kidnapping
    -False Statements of Material Fact to Third Persons

      DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
      COURT OF APPEALS

      THE BOARD ON PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITY
      OFFICE OF DISCIPLINARY COUNSEL

      515 Fifth Street, N.W.
      Building A, Room 117
      Washington, District of Columbia 20001


    To protect the public and the courts from unethical conduct by Members of the District of Columbia Bar,

    the Office of Disciplinary Counsel shall,

    pursuant to Rule XI of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals Rules Governing the Bar,

    investigate this Complaint of Ethical Misconduct against apparent District of Columbia Bar Member(s):


        Christopher Gowen

        513 Capital Court #100
        Washington D.C., NE 20002



    Statements of Fact
    ------------------

      1. Christopher Gowen told me that he is a lunatic.

      2. Christopher Gowen told me that I am, are, or was attacking judges. I have not attacked any judge, nor judges.

      3. Christopher Gowen later told me that I was attacking with words. I have not attacked any judge, nor judges with words or otherwise.


    Complaint:  Fraud, Kidnapping, False Statements of Material Fact to Third Persons
    ----------

    Christopher Gowen has apparently caused a "CPO" to exist that has resulted in my repeated and continued kidnapping as a result of fraud and false statements to many persons, people, or otherwise.

    Christopher Gowen claims, states, acts, or otherwise, that my wife is his client or that he can or does represent her, or can act on her behalf, or that he has some power of attorney or contract, or otherwise with my wife. Christopher Gowen has shown no contract to me or to any other person or otherwise, to my knowledge.

    Christopher Gowen apparently holds my gold, silver, and perhaps other, in a "trust", according to a paper I found after I was partially freed from being falsely imprisoned, apparently at Christopher Gowen's partial direction, or assistance. I have repeatedly asked Christopher Gowen questions to determine the location of the gold and silver. Most recently, and in the only actual answer I have received from Christopher Gowen in response to my questions, he told me that the coins, or gold and silver, were or are, "at the end of [a/the] rainbow".

    I do not know if Christopher Gowen actually claims to hold the gold and silver in a trust, or otherwise, as he has not told me he has, nor has he demonstrated that he has or does.



    The Undersigned hereby certifies to the Office of Disciplinary Counsel
    that the statements in the foregoing Complaint are true and correct to
    the best of my knowledge.



    _______________
    Blake La Pierre

    539 24th Street NE
    Washington DC, 20002
    949-259-3040
    blakelapierre@gmail.com


    Drafted: 2019-03-27 12:30:35
    Finalized:
    Printed:

  Christopher Gowen - COMPLAINT : BML